README.md, before:

# Quizpoa 🚀

An AI-powered real-time quiz platform designed for educators and students. Generated by AI, managed by you.

## ✨ Features
- **AI Magic**: Generate 10-question quizzes instantly from any topic or text.
- **SaaS Aesthetic**: Clean, professional UI with Deep Slate and Electric Indigo branding.
- **Real-time Engine**: Synchronized game lobby, question timers, and live leadboards.
- **Accessibility First**: Geometric patterns on student answer cards for inclusive learning.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React (Vite), Tailwind CSS 4.0, Framer Motion, Zustand.
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, Socket.io, OpenAI SDK.
- **State Management**: Zustand (Client), In-memory RoomManager (Server).

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd quizpoa
cd client && npm install
cd ../server && npm install
```

### 2. Configuration
Create a `.env` file in `server/`:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
PORT=3001
```

### 3. Run Development
**Server:**
```bash
cd server && npm start
```
**Client:**
```bash
cd client && npm run dev
```

## 📦 Deployment
This project is configured for easy deployment on **Vercel**:
1. Connect this repository to Vercel.
2. Set the root directory to `client` (or use Vercel's monorepo settings).
3. Ensure the server is deployed to a Node.js compatible environment.

---
Built with ❤️ by **Eutycreatives**

Commit message:

Update README with final architecture and Phase 2 roadmap

README.md, after:

# Quizpoa 🚀

An AI-powered real-time quiz platform designed for educators and students. Generated by AI, managed by you.

## ✨ Features
- **AI Magic**: Generate 10-question quizzes instantly from any topic or text.
- **SaaS Aesthetic**: Clean, professional UI with Deep Slate and Electric Indigo branding.
- **Real-time Engine**: Synchronized game lobby, question timers, and live leadboards.
- **Accessibility First**: Geometric patterns on student answer cards for inclusive learning.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React (Vite), Tailwind CSS 4.0, Framer Motion, Zustand.
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, Socket.io, OpenAI SDK.
- **State Management**: Zustand (Client), In-memory RoomManager (Server).

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd quizpoa
cd client && npm install
cd ../server && npm install
```

### 2. Configuration
Create a `.env` file in `server/`:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
PORT=3001
```

### 3. Run Development
**Server:**
```bash
cd server && npm start
```
**Client:**
```bash
cd client && npm run dev
```

## 📦 Deployment
This project uses a hybrid deployment architecture for maximum reliability and performance:

- **Frontend**: Hosted on **Vercel** for lightning-fast static delivery.
- **Backend**: Hosted on **Render** (Web Service) to provide persistent, real-time Socket.io connections.
- **Synchronization**: Automatically mirrored to both `Quizpoa` and `quizpoa254` GitHub repositories.

### Environment Variables
**Vercel (Frontend):**
- `VITE_API_URL`: `https://quizpoa254-server.onrender.com`

**Render (Backend):**
- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: [Your Key]
- `PORT`: 3001

## 🗺️ Future Roadmap (Phase 2)
Based on current progress, the following features are planned for the next stage of development:
1. **Authentication**: User accounts and login functionality.
2. **Persistence**: Database integration (MongoDB/PostgreSQL) to save quizzes and analytics.
3. **Monetization**: Subscription tiers and credit-based AI generations.
4. **Enhanced Analytics**: Detailed student performance tracking and reporting.

---
Built with ❤️ by **Eutycreatives**
